hey guys so in this video I will be
playing grand theft auto san andres on
pretty much the lowest settings on my
nexus 4 so first we had to go to the
game options and set the frame limiter
to off which i have already done so next
we go to the display setup and as you
can see i could pretty much turn the
graphics all the way down to the lowest
possible settings except for the
resolution and draw distance which i
left at about ten percent so yeah let's
go back to the game and run a little to
see how the performance looks like let's
run in circles so obviously the
performance is pretty smooth hope ever I
find it strange that the frames per
second never goes above 30 it's like
it's capped at 30 frames per second
which I find hard to believe because I
already set the frame limiter off I
wonderful it would be with that setting
enabled so yeah let's go get a car and
drive around to see if the performance
changes hello buttons so it
the second it was a 20 frames per second
but the average I would say is 30 frames
per second I mean it's pretty constant
but the graphics obviously are really
bad obviously we have set them to the
lowest possible settings I mean I would
not want to play such a good game use on
this goal settings but they obviously
you see you get points about the
performance on the Nexus 4 and the
lowest settings it's very playable for
the graphics are awful